hey there this is mark with that stuff
music.com today we have an Ernie Hall
Music Man axis super sport the gun has a
basswood body and a flame maple top and
there are two custom-designed DiMarzio
pickups that are wired to a 5-way switch
so you get three humbucking sounds and
two single coil sounds it also has a
compensated nut for corrected tuning at
the first three to four front range and
also comes with a set of locking tuning
gears the back of the neck is finished
with a gun stock oil which is a
trademark of the Money Ball Music Man
guitars so it's very very tactile and
very just easy to play 22 frets medium
jumbo frets 10 inch radius on the
fretboard and also a music man designed
hardtail bridge so here's our neck
[Music]
and this is the neck pickup with one
coil engaged both pickups on that
humbucker mode
[Music]
a fourth position is one of these coils
on your butt a Stratocaster type of
sound in the fourth position and then
the back pickup which is full
next I'm going to give you an idea as to
how this guitar sounds over driven so
we'll start with the back pickup since
we're there
[Music]
in position for position three what
you're both pickups on to which is one
coil of the neck pickup position one
which is just
[Music]
so there you have it the Ernie Ball
Music Man access Supersport available
and stuff music calm
[Music]
you
Hey
[Music]
yeah